the global economy is suffering it's
bleeding out even as the stock market in
the US is booming there's no denying
this fact when Central Bankers in all
their wisdom Implement policies of
expansion there can be no turning back
assets may rise in an uncontrollable
fashion it could expand equities in
Brazil Commodities in Russia and cause a
boom in housing in Singapore once you
release the animal from its cage there's
no telling what could happen you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to get into
the charts which show what's happening I
want to begin with this however the
majority of Millennials have $1,000 or
less in
savings this presents the
problem without any savings there can be
no good investments into the future
it's all done at a whim it's all done
last minute so individuals can't save up
for those big ticket items that's what
we're running into so the government
often subsidizes a lot of these things
so if you can't afford your 25% or 20%
down on your home don't worry because
there's Insurance there you don't have
to put down uh much at all so this is
what has been the case not just in the
US but uh many countries around the
world in fact look at what's happening
with housing in Canada where people who
can't afford it are buying it simply
because they're getting on that same
train or trying to get on the bandwagon
as they say it's very important to note
that individuals right now are not doing
well don't look at the stock market as
your indicator of the health of any
economy that's not how it
works look at this Millennials expecting
to work until they
die this has been the case for many
people who have contacted me over the
years saying I just have no opportunity
to retire in the future and that right
there really hurts me because people are
struggling at this time they're showing
here that Japanese people over a third
of them are going to work until they die
or so they expect to China 18% and it
goes down Canada there we go we are are
looking at Canada being in fourth place
wonderful great job guys 14% expect to
work until the die and the USA is only a
few percentage points behind what you
will notice from this look at the list
is that suddenly it seems geography
doesn't play a role it's all over the
globe people are simply expecting to
continue to work why though why aren't
their living expenses decreasing as they
get older it's because things become
more expensive the things they need the
health care costs the uh anything
anything it could be food prices are
rising Energy prices are rising and you
know you can give individuals like tax
rebates you can give them tax breaks and
everything else it just ultimately
doesn't do much doesn't do enough things
need to
become uh um more adaptable as the
people are getting older they should be
able to reduce their expenses and not
have to worry they should have been able
to save up a lot of money throughout the
years of work but they're not I just got
into the video I believe it was the last
video I did where in Toronto for example
64% of an individual's income is going
to purchase or the maintenance of their
home the mortgages and the interest and
everything else and then what about uh
Vancouver with 92% % going to that
people can't expect to live like this
it's
impossible all right let's get into the
big deal for today we're looking at the
PE ratios okay this here shows you from
the beginning of 1900 up until present
day approximately and what you will see
is that for the most part you know
showing three different uh types here
but for the most part they're in line
with each other okay there's variances
but let's look at this okay right now we
are at a stage of being overvalued okay
this is the price earnings
ratio it's just one one indicator of uh
any economy any stock or anything
else I talk about it in my book in depth
and I've uh talked about this in
previous videos look at the ecourse in
fact if you want to know more about that
my free ecourse this here is two
different charts at the top you will see
the S&P 500 and I just want to note it's
from approximately 1960 1965 it should
start here this chart and goes up from
there and pretty much what you'll see is
a straight line upward okay there's no
denying that and what I would also like
to note is that in previous years even
when you would have big
crashes it seemed to be like a more
generally slow pace but in more recent
years you really see these lines coming
down very exaggerated and then
continuing up very exaggerated okay
that's one thing that's important to
note about the stock markets any of the
markets financial markets that we see
today going into the bottom chart it
might be difficult to read the font is a
little blurry a little small this right
here this line shows
you overvalued if it goes over that line
it's overvalued and today we are in
overvaluation shouldn't surprise anybody
and then we also saw that overvalued
here leading up to 2,000 and then
extremely overvalued here with the
boom this is where we are headed if
things continue the way they are the
price earnings ratio the PE Ratio is
going to Skyrocket yet again and this
doesn't scare anybody though not at all
doesn't scare a single person in the
financial markets they say look as long
as everything's going well why do you
have to freak people out why do you have
to fear Monger well you tell me this is
one indicator it's showing
overvaluation let's move on
okay this is the buffet indicator as
they call it corporate equities to GDP
okay just one other indicator based on
this
okay what we're looking at here is I
believe it says 118.7 per. all right now
previous to this do com boom
151% historically
though you could see that it was much
lower this goes back to
1950s even during the financial crisis
we weren't even high as we are today
based on this
indicator this shows you how
overvalued how bad things are right now
and it's being covered up simply by all
that quantitative easing that made its
way into the system by all those Easy
Money policies all around the world you
know there's talk that they've increased
interest rates and things like this look
on average it's at like
0.5% in many countries that is basically
zero sure they say they're going to
increase and perhaps they will at the
ultra slow paced that they are but it
doesn't matter because it's still
historically so low at this time and if
you really average it out over the past
10 years we're looking at the longest
stretch of these type of rates that's
ever been seen in most western
Nations then you look at this real
disposable income per capita
year-over-year change you could see a
declining over the past couple years I
think this chart's a little bit skewed
because it's not showing at least until
the year 2000 and what you will notice
is the trend line going down simply
people have less and less disposable
income as the days the weeks the months
the years go on I showed you that as I
mentioned at the beginning of the video
talking about Vancouver talking about
Toronto and talking about how more and
more money more and more disposable
income is going
towards
the necessities of life you need your he
you need your food you need your
electricity and more and more of your
money has to go towards that people are
really feeling it now the growth of the
alternative work in the US 2005 to 2015
independent contractors rising and what
I want to stress is actually in the next
chart as
well multiple job holders not seasonally
adjusted this here this is what I see
Financial PR hits and the line goes up
and up on average continues you know
it's sort of jagged here but the line
the trend line shows you the
increase this is all since the financial
crisis all of these jobs that they've
implemented and I don't even know if
I've done the video on it yet I had that
article if not I have to cover this
where Almost 100% of the new jobs that
have been
created are temporary
work nearly
100% And that right there is what I got
into in my book I've got into countless
times I'm sure you're bored of hearing
it basically that yeah you can show the
statistics of everything is good 5%
unemployment and all that stuff but when
you realize that people are taking
temporary work at the same time you have
people holding multiple jobs that skews
the numbers some people have no job
While others have three jobs so and of
course they need those three jobs just
to make up for that one job they
probably used to have things are messed
up right now the government statistics
are skewed we need to look at those ones
it doesn't mean that all govern
statistics are useless no we need to
look at a thousand different indicators
piece them all together and create our
own puzzle piece you know you put them
all together and create your own that's
the way that I see this happening you
can't just say well all those government
stats are garbage not really you need to
look at this on the whole big picture
piece it all together for yourself last
but not least it's an article that
really pissed me
off but it's true I've seen this before
for seen it in Nicaragua I've seen it in
India this happens to be Venezuela
Venezuelan women response to the
country's economic crisis get sterilized
all right having trouble talking about
it let's just State the fact that's
located in this article further
down if you're so inclined to read
it basically what they said was they
even have days state sponsored days
where women could come
in and get
sterilized
voluntarily and
it's it shows you the ultimate plan of
the
globalists and you know what I'm talking
about if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs
up and um if you're interested in the
book it's at Amazon you could flip
through it for yourself take care